Docs 6867 visualizer visualization doc move (#59)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/visualizer-app-network.adoc

> = Use-case Specific Visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Use-Case Specific Visualizations
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Use Anypoint Visualizer to view a graph of your application network. The _base unit_ is a Mule application that has been deployed and is running on a supported Mule runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Anypoint Visualizer to view a graph of your application network. The _base unit_ is a Mule application that is deployed and running on a supported instance of Mule.
```

> To maximize visualization readability, consumer nodes (nodes that have only outbound connections) are shown at the top. Backend systems (nodes that have only inbound connections) are shown at the bottom.

Reviewer 2: The spacing looked a bit weird to me here. Hard to tell in this mode though. Perhaps you can double check?

Author: Hm, it looks okay to me. I will check the build.

* Zoom control: Use the zoom in, zoom out, and zoom fit buttons on the bottom right corner of the canvas to control the zoom. You can also use scroll to zoom in and out.
* Pan the visualization: Click and drag on the canvas to pan the visualization.
* Search: Search for the name of a service on the canvas and the nodes that contain your search will be highlighted.

> == Select your Use Case

Reviewer 2: I really like this section! Super clear and a great overview :)

Reviewer: What she said!

> == Select your Use Case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Select Your Use Case
```

Anypoint Visualizer has three use cases, or _visualizations_: Architecture, Troubleshooting, and Policies. By identifying your use case, you can select the visualization that suits your needs.

The xref:architecture-visualization.adoc[_Architecture Visualization_] shows the topology of your apps and APIs. This visualization is the most useful for understanding your system architecture. You can view and modify the names of your services, give them specific tags, and assign them to layers.

The xref:troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[_Troubleshooting Visualization_] enables you to view the health of the system and evaluate performance-based metrics. This visualization helps you identify issues or unusual behavior across your apps and APIs.

> The xref:policy-visualization.adoc[_Policy Visualization_] enables you to see the policy landscape of your application network at a glance. You can view which components are compliant with policies you select, and you can determine where lapses in security or policy application may have occurred.

Reviewer: may > might
```suggestion
The xref:policy-visualization.adoc[_Policy Visualization_] enables you to see the policy landscape of your application network at a glance. You can view which components are compliant with policies you select, and you can determine where lapses in security or policy application might have occurred.
```

== View an Application Network in an Organization

. From Management Center, select *Visualizer*.
+
If Visualizer is not available, contact your system administrator to ensure that you have the correct permissions to access the application.

> . In the drop-down in the canvas, select the visualization you want to use.

Reviewer: Do not use "drop-down" alone for indicating a list or menu. In fact, if you can avoid it, omit "drop-down" altogether than use only "list" or "menu." Our audience should know what that downward-facing arrow indicates....

Author: ```suggestion
. In the list in the canvas, select the visualization you want to use.
```

. In the environment filters in the *View* card, select an environment.
+
Anypoint Visualizer displays only the environments you have permissions to view.

. Click the checkboxes for the business groups you want to view.

After selecting the organization and environment group, Anypoint Visualizer displays a graph of your application network.

== Views

> Visualizer editors can define views based on filtered environments and tags. These defined views are auto discoverable and available to all Anypoint Visualizer users who have permission for the included environments. These views can be opened in any of the use case-specific visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualizer editors can define views based on filtered environments and tags. These defined views are auto-discoverable and available to all Anypoint Visualizer users who have permission for the included environments. These views can be opened in any of the use-case specific visualizations.
```

> For more information, see xref:view.adoc[Visualizer Views]

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:view.adoc[Visualizer Views].
```
